docs(button): add danger button description (#1223)
siemens/ix: packages/documentation/docs/controls/buttons/_icon-button_styleguide.md

1. Container
2. Icon

> All the variants, options and states of the [button](./button.md) component apply to the icon button. We’ve listed additional or deviating specifications here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the variants, options and states of the [button](./button.md) component apply to the icon button. We've listed additional or deviating specifications here.
```

## Options
- **Color:** The color of the icon displayed on an icon button is adjustable. In our applications, we only adjust the icon color when we place icon buttons on backgrounds with a non-standard color to maintain a proper contrast between the elements.
- **Oval:** The shape of icon button containers can be adjusted from square to oval. The recommended shape of icon buttons depends on the shape of the parent component. We typically use square icon buttons within rectangular components or in a button cluster, and oval icon buttons within oval components.
- **Size:** Icon buttons can have three different sizes. We use the extra small size (12) within very small parent components, the small size (16) within any standard parent components (e.g. to clear the search input) and the default size (24) for standalone applications.

> ## Dos and Don’ts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Dos and Don'ts
```

- Do use icons that have a clear meaning for the user, otherwise use text buttons

> - Don’t use icon buttons in large numbers, instead use a toolbar
> - Don’t stretch icon buttons to span a container’s width

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Don't use icon buttons in large numbers, instead use a toolbar
- Don't stretch icon buttons to span a container’s width
```
